1. summarize annoations with respect to what we covered in spring.
2. jee web applications.
3. junit -- this is another example of annotation usage.

anotations 
1. someobdy creates and promises a benefit under some circumstance.
2. somebody is using it.
3. person who uses the annotation is not person who provides the benefit.



Photo and PhotoFrame

wire   a Photo into a PHotoframe.


@componentScan( and tell it the name of package where photoframe is presnet)
1. Photo by yourself or you want Photo to be created by spring.
Photo will created by us and spring shoudl use it, then we need @Bean.





where you want the Photo, answer PhotoFrame
@Component


main program where you will tell spring hey look you ahve photoframe
and photoframe would have been autowired with the help of a photo
give me the Photoframe



we have to use the following annoations

step1 in spring in annotations
@componentScan
@Conponent
@autowired.
@bean is required only if you are creating the object hey use it.
@respository
@service

how to use annotations.
1. you take spring example and tell when we use annoations
spring will take our class, see whether we used annoations, seeing
whther we used annotations is called as Reflection.
 and then depending on anotation we used spring will cook some benefit
which it promised.

spring is telling you tell me how to take one row and convert that into an
object of your choice, then I will each row i get from the query
and get the object converted based on the logic you said and give you
a list.

I used jdbc in my dao layer , funeral, jdbc is dead in 2001.
I am still using ok,

replacement for jdbc, ORM.
jdbc is very crude way, ORM is much refined way of doing things .
what is common to JDBc and orm.
both are used in dao layer.

ORM is a standard, HIbernate is a product.




queston somebody tells tell me whre all did you use annotations

we wired service layer and dao layer in spring by using annoations.
we tested

we have to know how to unit testing of service layer.







we have to prove do we know ListDatastructure.

1. add.
2. search
3. sort










where are we in advanced java
1.spring.
	lc, mte
2. Junit
    look we have decency of testing servcie layers	
3. web applciations
	
4. hibernate
5. web services.






assertEquals("did not get 2", 2,size);
message is what to show when condition is false.
second argument is what did you expect
and third argument what did you get.

we have a serivce layer
service layer has got a set of functions.
these functions should return somethings based on inputs given.
how do you know whether these functions are doing whatever we have
asked them to do. 
to do this we write junit test cases.

Write a class.
write function
on the function use the annotation called @Test
inside the function , call the service layer functions and thru an assert
check whether the expected result and actual result are same or not.
then run the class as junit test
you willknow how many tests have failed or how many tests have passed.




Web applications in java.
web applciations in java. 
server sdie and client side.

we are not working on spring, we are working on jee.





when you want to work on any web applcations.
1. simple html page should get shown via http protocol.



in java to use web applciation we need a container , container
is a standard which implemetns jee specifications.
we are going to use tomcat.
what is tomcat , tomcat is a servlet,jsp container ( web container for java
web applciations), I hate tomcat ok,there are other servers jetty.

how to work on java web applciations.
1. when you working on java web applications. or any jee applciation
there is a particular folder structure which is expected and we should adher
to it. if we dont adher to it , the applictionswont work.
for example.

web applciations.
	folder
	    WEB-INF
		lib
		classes
		web.xml
lib is small letters, let us make WEB-INF in small letters, entertainment will come.
- we will use _ entertainment will come.

show patience to make hello world work.



I want to build java web application in ecclipse 
1. which java web container you plan to use tomcat.
where is tomcat, slides folder.
we have tomcat present in

F:\tomcat\apache-tomcat-9.0.2
how do i know that this folder, inside this folder, we see a folder called bin and conf..



how to create a web project in ecclipse, since bc period people have creating.

window -- open perspective -- jee perspective.





java is from oracle
ecclipse is from x
tomcat is from y
and we have make all of them work together.

springtoolsuite.  -- super big software for our need and it can make things
terribly slow. so not touch this.



how to work on spring with jdbc. code part using xml.

1. build a poc on spring jdbc how
show a  menu as follows

1. view account
2. view all accounts
3. view accounts greater than balance.
0. exit.

view account, ask for accountno and then show that account detai,ls
view all accounts, show all account details.
take balance and show all accounts greater than balance.
exit should exit.

Database with spring works becuase we got mysql working.








I want to work on jdbc poc.

1. in xml file, ensure datasource and jdbctemplate objects are created and
jdbc template object is wired with datasource.

2. copy the xml file content and paste in your xml file content.

3. in our dao code, create a  jdbctemplate object as a non static variable
and create setters function.




two rules about stupid design.
1. stupid ness requires team effort ( SQLException )
2. once you know something is stupid, in case it is popular it is no longer stupid.(SQLException)




when is MapRow getting called.

we have used some query function on JDBCTemplate object.
it gets a ResultSet.ResultSet is a set of columns and rows.
what the query function, in case we have supplied it with a RowMapper
query function,  will take each row from the REsultSet and call rowMapper object
and return object or put that into a List depending on which query function you
used.

queryForObject(sql,inputparameters,RowMapper)  -- Object
query((sql,inputparameters,RowMapper)) -- List


RowMapper is used only during select commands to map rows you get into an object.













web applciation
1. use the java enterprise edition version of ecclipse.

there is option called dynamic web project. you have to use that option
in normal project we had in core java that wont work for you
in web applications as of now.

when you create a dynamic web projct ecclipse will ask you hwere is
tomcat location. you have to point out to tomcat location.


what is number one thing you need
if you want to use annotation?
the source code should be yours.



WEB-INF
IF YOU KEEP SOMETHING INSIDE THIS
FOLDER END USER WILL NEVER BE ABLE
TO ACCESS THE CONTENTS OF THIS FOLDER.
PROGRAMMER CAN.

LOGIN.HTML  -- OUTSIDE WEB-INF
POSTLOGIN.HTML  --KEEP THIS INSDIE
WEB-INF

jee applications , classpath is decided
by the standard and not by us, hence we should jar files in the correct place
after knowing theory about the jee
product.

in web applciations 
	web-inf
	folder called lib
	all the jar files which is required for web applcition should be 
put inside the lib folder only.
